MOUSTACHE COFFEEProposed Web Copy Master DocumentHERO TEXT:The Best Coffee in the World, Delivered.Award-winning coffees, roasted to perfection, and delivered at peak freshness. Plans start at $13.MISSIVE:welcome to the club.Have you ever had a cup of coffee that completely changes the way you think about coffee? We have, and there's no going back. Moustache Coffee Club is all about the pursuit of the sublime cup of coffee, every time. We deliver fresh (three days off the roaster and it's on your doorstep fresh), carefully selected, single-origin coffees perfectly roasted by cup-winning master roasters to highlight the flavors. We bring a world-class, craft coffee experience to your home with beans that are hand-picked for season and taste. There's no other club or coffee shop that can make that promise of quality. This is coffee that you'll want to talk about.Plans start at $13 to get curated, craft-roasted coffee of unparalleled freshness delivered to your door.Not convinced? It's free to try. That's no risk, and all reward. [[OR: It's free to try our coffee. We're that excited about it.]]Sean Reilly, Founder and Coffee LoverWEB COPY:The Best Single-Origin CoffeesWe taste 1000s of coffees over the course of a year in pursuit of the best beans on the market. It's one of the perks of the job, but it's also part of our commitment to quality.Single-origin is just the start. You'll never see the word "blend" on any of our coffees. Moustache Coffee Club only selects in-season coffee from award-winning farms, then vets them for flavor to ensure nothing but the best beans of the harvest arrives at your door.Roasted by Master CraftsmenEvery coffee is different. Our master roasters know how to draw the most out of every bean, and they have the awards to prove it.Our dedication to the art and science of roasting ensures that we can offer a coffee that delivers its best flavor.Incomparable FreshnessOur coffee goes out of the roaster, into the bag, and on its way to you all in the same day. That's how we can guarantee that you're getting the best the bean has to offer.We invented the "start drinking on date" because sometimes our coffee gets to you before it has hit its peak. That's fresh.IMAGE BREAK TEXT:We Search the World for Great Coffee So You Don't Have ToPart of the reason we started Moustache Coffee Club was the frustration we felt in finding coffee that lived up to our standards. We set out to fix that starting with the beans. Our single-origin coffees are selected for the perfect combination of seasonal freshness and vibrant flavor profiles. The pursuit of the perfect bean takes us around the world. Take a look at some of the coffees we've recently brought to our subscribers.WEB COPY RESUMED:Coffee You Can Feel Good AboutOur coffee isn't just fresh, delicious, and perfectly roasted, it's also ethically sourced. Selling single-origin coffee goes beyond just knowing the region. We tell you the name of the farm or the farmer who produced our coffee, and we ensure that every bean we purchase meets or exceeds the fair trade mandate. In fact, we sometimes pay more than five times the standard price. Our commitment provides much needed capital, and helps to ensure that the farmers we trust to bring us the quality can thrive into the future.Did We Mention Our Master Roasters?At Moustache Coffee Club, we buy the highest quality beans on Earth. Next, we turn them over to our award-winning roasters who roast them for sweetness and brightness, highlighting their origins and flavor profiles. We don't do charred, bitter coffee. Along with every bag, a set of tasting notes provides details on flavors, origin, and the roasting process. This is coffee worth talking about, and what better place to start then with what the masters of the craft think about the coffee in your mug?Be Your Own BaristaNothing matches the satisfaction of making a better cup at home than what you can get at the local coffee shop. Moustache Coffee Club is by coffee lovers for coffee lovers, and we want everyone to experience our coffee at its peak potential. Check out our brew guides for some hints on tips on how to maximize your Moustache Coffee Club experience. Looking for more? Check out our kits and brewing supplies that will help get you on the road to delicious home-brewed coffee.Coffee TalkersIf you can't tell, we love talking about coffee. If you have any questions about equipment or preparation, shoot us an email. We'll help you brew a cup your friends will swear came from that high-end coffee shop way across town. We want Moustache Coffee Club to provide the best beans and a community for coffee lovers across the world, and that starts with you. We have some great new features planned for the club and the website, and we can't wait to show them to you soon.ALT. COPY:Give the Gift of Great CoffeeGifts are hard, but Moustache Coffee Club makes it easy. A subscription is the perfect gift for your coffee loving friend, coworker, or family member. Pick a plan and send deliciousness year-round to the coffee lovers in your life. Every week a new hand-picked, perfectly roasted coffee arrives to your recipient's address. This isn't a sock subscription, this is coffee we're talking about, and who doesn't love coffee? (Seriously, we don't know anybody). [[Want to go that extra mile? Check out our kits and carafes and give the ultimate coffee experience to the coffee lover in your life.]]